= Hubris

* http://github.com/mwotton/Hubris

== DESCRIPTION:

  This is a quick and dirty way to call haskell functions from ruby.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

  Hubris will wash your car, lie to your boss, and salvage your love life.
  If you are very, very lucky, it might also let you get some uber-fast
  functional goodness into your ruby programs through the back door.

== SYNOPSIS:

  Eventually, we'll integrate with RubyInline or something similar, 
  so we can write inline Haskell. Until that happy day:

    write a haskell file (say sample/foo.hs) with some ccall exports declared
    call "jhc_builder.sh foo.hs". This will build "libfoo.so".
    write a ruby file similar to sample/hsload.rb in order to call the functions from ruby

if all else fails, mail mwotton@gmail.com with tales of woe.

== REQUIREMENTS:

  - jhc <http://repetae.net/computer/jhc/>
  - gcc < ... oh, come on. don't tell me you don't have it. >
  - ruby 1.8.6 or higher
  - linux (mostly because jhc doesn't seem to be working on Mac at the moment.)
  - bash

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install hubris

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Mark Wotton

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
